# Trojan-Check-In-Out

The system is an Android app, called Trojan Check In/Out, to limit the number of people entering and exiting indoor places on the USC Campus, in order to enforce strict, proper and precise safety regulations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the past, these indoor places have tried to manually keep track of the people entering and leaving, but the inefficiency of few enforcers trying to regulate many people entering and leaving these places, has resulted in the necessity of this app – one capable of counting and tracking people more efficiently.

The app features a manager account and a student account, both of which are USC-email verified accounts. The manager account is able to add or remove buildings and enforce the capacity limit either through the UI or by importing a CSV file. The manager account can also see the list of people in each building and open each student’s profile, search the list of people through various criteria, check the profile of each student and generate QR-code for each building to be scanned by the students. The student account requires the name, ID and major in order to sign up, apart from the USC-email. The student account displays the profile consisting of the name, ID, picture and major. The students can update the password and the profile picture. Through the app, the student scans the QR-code in order to check available capacity, check out by rescanning the QR-code, and the student cannot check-in into multiple buildings without checking-out from the previous building. All of these features are implemented through easy to understand UI features.

The system is useful for fast moving indoor places, as well as places with large numbers of people, such as Trader Joe’s and Target. For fast moving indoor places, humans would inherently be imprecise in keeping track of the people moving in and out at a fast pace, and could create major errors in maintaining the count, thereby jeopardizing the health of the people. For a large number of people, keeping track of the people itself would require multiple enforcers, apart from the process being inconvenient and slow. Both of these problems are solved by the app which requires only one manager, is faster, more secure and, overall, more efficient.
